Who wouldn't like it?
Sister, if you seduce me like this again
I can't take it anymore
Where did my sister seduce you?
It depends on you.
Zhang or you will be fired
Just because of the big shit, it won't end if you don't end it now
And asked me to return the dowry
This man is so fucking shameless
You calm down
I can't calm down
He slept with my mother for eight years in vain
He has to compensate me.
What bride price will be refunded?
Did he force you to sleep with him?
Since Lawyer Tang is all your will
What's the point of mentioning this?
But I'm not convinced.
Why don't you settle unconvincing things in court?
Then I'll say goodbye
I will try my best to help you get compensation.
As compensation for the gender disadvantage of women over the past 8 years
Such as unwanted pregnancy
Can cause some degree of infection
But remember this is compensation.
Not compensation
He is under no obligation to compensate you.
Then I'm not looking for you for nothing
You can also change to someone else.